I'm sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego
I know it looks like I'm listening to you, but really I'm just visualizing duct tape over your mouth
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you start looking more and more like a piñata
I consider you my sun. Now please get 93 million miles away from here
Mirrors can't talk. Lucky for you, they can't laugh, either
I didn't mean to push your buttons, I was just looking for mute
Are you at a loss for words, or did you exhaust your entire vocabulary
You bring everyone so much joy... when you leave the room
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel
I don't hate you, but if you were drowning, I would give you a high five
I'd take a photo of you, but I don't want a virus on my phone
A glow stick has a brighter future than you. Lasts longer, too
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine
If laughter really is the best medicine, your face might just cure the world's deadliest diseases
I was thinking about you today. It reminded me to take out the trash
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail
I was going to make a joke about your life, but I see life beat me to the punch
It would be a great day if you accidentally used a glue stick instead of a Chapstick
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet
It must be fun to wake up each morning knowing that you are that much closer to achieving your dreams of complete and utter mediocrity
You have the perfect face for radio
I am jealous of people who have never met you
Oh, you're talking to me? I thought you only did that behind my back
It is hilarious how you are trying to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence
I know I make a lot of stupid choices, but hanging out with you was the worst one of all
We were going to roast you, but apparently, burning trash is an environmental hazard
I'd give you a nasty look, but it seems like you've already got one
You haven't changed since the last time I saw you. You really should
You hear that? It's the sound of me not caring
You're so annoying, you could make a Happy Meal cry
Oh, sorry, did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours
You have a face that makes onions cry
Have a nice day... somewhere else
You do realize we're just tolerating you, right
I don't have the patience or the crayons to explain this to you
The real heroes in this world are the ones who have to live with you
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once in a while, but you're really abusing the privilege
I didn't mean to offend you... but I'll take it as an additional perk
I don't want to rain on your parade. I want to summon a typhoon
You're the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo bottles
You're like a software update. Every time I see you, I immediately think 'not now.'
It's impossible to underestimate you
If I throw a stick, will you chase it? I really want out of this conversation
Congratulations on being the top of the bell curve
I've heard a smarter statement come out in a fart
I told my therapist about you. She didn't believe me
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's a job for your parents
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you bad advice
I think you just need a high five... in the face... with a chair
Where do you get your hair done? I need to know where not to go
Roses are red, monsters are green, look in the mirror, you'll see what I mean
If I were a dog and you were a flower, I'd lift my leg up and give you a shower
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that
Remember that time you were saying that thing I didn't care about? Yeah, that is now
You have miles to go before you reach mediocre
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong
First off: Brush your teeth
You're a conversation starter. Not when you are around, but once you leave
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent
You're living proof it's possible to live without a brain
If I said anything to offend you it was purely intentional